Updated docs (#33)
mysteriumnetwork/discovery: README.md

# Discovery Service

## Main principles and features described
### Features

> * Fetch MYST prices from the public API

Reviewer: Maybe thats just me but I would argue this is neither a feature nor a principle this is just a job we have to do to calculate things further down the line 🤷🏻

Author: technicaly it's a feature, but it's not strict. Just add this bullets to give understanding what it do

* Create prices for nodes based on the load and multiplier in the countries
* Listen for proposals from NATS Broker and enhance them with quality metrics and tags
* Run proposal expiration job
* Update price config by Universe Admin

> * Using Postgres for saving proposals, configs, and country multipliers

Reviewer 2: could also add: `* Uses single REDIS instance for storing price configuration` - at least now it's the only responsibility of it.

Author: done

> * Using Postgres for saving proposals, configs, and country multipliers

Reviewer 3: I think that the sentence could be phrased differently to be more consistent with the previous one.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use Postgres to save proposals, configs, and country multipliers
```

BROKER_URL=nats://testnet3-broker.mysterium.network
UNIVERSE_JWT_SECRET=Some_Secret
REDIS_ADDRESS=redis:6379
REDIS_DB=0
REDIS_PASS=
```

##### Sidecar

```bash
MYSTERIUM_LOG_MODE=json
QUALITY_ORACLE_URL=https://testnet3-quality.mysterium.network
BROKER_URL=nats://testnet3-broker.mysterium.network
REDIS_ADDRESS=redis:6379
REDIS_DB=0
REDIS_PASS=
GECKO_URL=http://wiremock:8080
COINRANKING_URL=http://wiremock:8080
COINRANKING_TOKEN=Some_Token
```

#### DB Tables

```sql
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS country_price_multipliers(
   id                SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   country_code      varchar(2) not null UNIQUE,
   multiplier        double precision NOT NULL,
   updated_at        timestamp NOT NULL default now()
);
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS pricing_config(
   id                SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   cfg   jsonb       NOT NULL,
   created_at        timestamp NOT NULL default now()
);
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS proposals
(
   key               text PRIMARY KEY,
   proposal          jsonb NOT NULL,
   expires_at        timestamp NOT NULL,
   COLUMN updated_at timestamp NOT NULL
);
```

#### DB Migrations

Path for migration files: `db/migrations`

> All migrations are done on Client Init

Reviewer: As far as I am aware wording like this would fit a bit better:
```suggestion
All migrations are done on Discovery service start up
```

#### Code structure

* `/config` - [Discovery] config parser. Env params
* `/tags` - [Discovery] Tags proposals enhancer for SuperProxy 
* `/docs` - [Discovery] Auto generated Swagger for REST API
* `/e2e` - e2e tests
* `/health` - [Discovery] health checker REST API 
* `/listener` - [Discovery] NATS listener
* `/price/api.go` - [Discovery] Pricing REST API
* `/price/config.go` - [Discovery, Sidecar] Pricing config
* `/price/market.go` - [Sidecar] Scheduled price fetcher from different APIs (Gecko, Coinmarket) 
* `/price/network_load_calculator.go` - [Sidecar] Updating countries multipliers based on load (sessions/providers)
* `/price/price_getter.go` - [Discovery] Fetch prices from Redis
* `/price/price_updater.go` - [Sidecar] Scheduled price updater to Redis
* `/proposal/metrics/echnancer.go` - [Discovery] Proposal quality enhancer
* `/proposal/v3` - [Discovery] Proposal structs
* `/proposal/api.go` - [Discovery] Proposal REST API
* `/proposal/repository.go` - [Discovery] Mappings for Postgres
* `/proposal/service.go` - [Discovery] Proposal service with scheduled expiration job
* `/quality/oracleapi` - [Discovery] Quality Oracle REST API client

> * `/quality/service.go` -  [Discovery] Caching layer with BigCache for Quality Oracle responses

Reviewer 2: IMO this is very nice but perhaps we should reduce the scope to package's as oppose to individual files? In other words unless we have some pre-commit hook to validate if all is up-to date this is going to get stale more often than not.

Author: The problem that structure not clear so i cant make package scope clear. Any way it's dev mandatory to updated documentation. In other way we will have problems on all levels.

## Development

### What toolset needed for development

https://docs.mysterium.network/developers/

### How to build it

`mage build` - Builds Discovery service

`mage buildsidecar` - Builds Sidecar Prices Parser

> Or for docker 

Reviewer: `Or using docker:` wasnt wrong

Author: didn't understand. what do you mean?

Reviewer: I meant that before it was OK too.

`docker build -t discovery:local .`

`docker build -t discosidecar:local ./sidecar`

### How to run it

`mage up` - will run docker-compose with all needed services

Or

> `docker-compose up`

Reviewer 2: ```shell
docker-compose up
```
this should fire up all discovery service dependencies and the discovery it'self. (use `--force-recreate` to rebuild discovery image) 

And if you wish to run discovery service from your IDE, then idea is to use

```
docker-compose up dev
```

This should only fire up dependencies (db, redis, etc...) for the discovery (or discosidecar).

Author: done

### How to test it locally

`mage e2edev`

> ### How to deploy it in production

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How to deploy it to production
```

> 1. Push new version tag to the repo

Reviewer 2: We tend to use "Releases" feature in github for that, and also add release notes. Telling to push a tag might encourage "just pushing the tag" via git command.

Author: do we release process documented somewhere?

2. Change k8s manifest file for Discovery to use new tag and commit to git

> 3. Click sync on ArgoCD dashboard for discovery 

Reviewer: Isn't this a public project? Do we _really_ want to explain this here?

Author: It doesn't expose any secret information, so why not? @Snawoot Can you comment?

Reviewer 2: I think what @tomasmik means is that for outside contributors knowledge about internal affairs won't make this more perceptive. Perhaps splitting this into `for outside contributors` and `internal team` on how to deploy would be better?

Reviewer: Yes that's more or less what I meant. ^

Author: removed
